In the East Region, gods are manifest as larger-than-life mortals who drive progress. This would lead to a society that greatly values individual achievement and merit. The inhabitants would likely hold heroes, leaders, and innovators in high regard, seeing them as divine or semi-divine figures.

Historically, this region would have seen periods of rapid development, led by these god-figures. It might be known for its advances in arts, sciences, and governance. Its history would be filled with legendary figures and great deeds that continue to shape the present.

Relations with the other regions would be largely influenced by their active gods. The East might often take the role of innovators or leaders in inter-regional matters, guided by the tangible examples of their divine figures. However, this active divine intervention might also lead to hubris and overreach, causing tension with the other regions.

The East (Anehashi) supports many humanoid based races in high numbers such as: Humans, Giants, Warforged, Dwarves, Energy Fairies (Rarely), Halflings, and many races that blend human with beast features (Dragonborn, Tabaxi, Kenku, Leonin, and so on). Knowledge, practice, and research is the view of the East. Build upon those who came before you but do not be bound by it. What worked today, might not work tomorrow, but there’s a reason behind it. It’s less about the why and more about the how. A rock is a rock because that is the makeup of the object. If you make a hammer out of the rock, it’s now a hammer, not a rock. They see the world as a solid foundation that can be built upon. They feel they shouldn’t rely on the gods power and they should find power and protection within themselves and their actions. They have a reserved respect to the gods: Utterances of protection before a journey are more common than praying for a god to save someone or give them strength.